‘Angela Merkel in Berlin. a
* Obama bugged Chief of staff of UN High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) for long term interception targetting his Swiss phone,

Johann Human, and ta

    

+o
ama singled out the Director ofthe Rules Division of the World Trade Organisation (WTO),

Sbama stole sensitive Italian dilomatic cables detailing how Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu implored Italy's Prime Minister

Sih &
Vio Berlusconi to help patch up his relationship with US President Barack Obama, who was refusing to talk to Netanyahu.

‘Obama intercepted top EU and Japanese trade ministers discussing their secret strategy and red lines to stop the US “extortfing]” them at

tl

the WTO Doha arounds (the talks subsequently collapsed).

* Obama explicitly targeted five other top EU economic officials for long term interception, including their French, Austrian and Belaium
Phone numbers,

licitly targetted the phones of Italy's ambassador to NATO and other top Italian officials for long term interception.

* Obama ex;

 

 

+ Obama intercepted details of a critical private meeting between then French president Nicolas Sarkozy, Merkel and Berluscon, where the
latter was told the Italian banking system was ready to “pop like a cork”

in 2013, a reporter, Fox News’ James Rosen and his family, were part of an investigation into government officials anonymously leaking

information to journalists. Rosen was not charged but his movements and actions were tracked.

‘Also in 2013, members of the Associated Press were a target of the surveillance. The ultra liberal New Yorker even noted that “In
moderate and liberal circles, at least, the phone-records scandal, partly because it involves the dear old A.P. and partly because it raises

‘anew the specter of Big Brother, may well present the most serious threat to Obama's reputation.”

+ Sharyl Attkisson said in 2014 that her personal computer and CBS laptop were hacked after she began filing stories about,
tering to the Obama administration. A source who checked her laptop said the hacker used spyware “proprietary
according to an article in the New York Post.

+ Reporter
Benghazi that were unfla
to a government agency”

jail for what he did. Using the powers on the FBI, CIA and NSA to spy on your political opponents is as dirty as it

Obama deserves to fot in
NOT going to let him get away with this!

gets. President Trump is

pAYBACK ISA BATCH! LOOK WHAT TRUMP JUST DID TO BEAT OBAMA AT HIS OWN Di

 
