   
   
 

HERE I Ist List of People Obama legally Wirtapped REVEALED! Trumt

| Security Agency bugged a private climate change strategy meeting; between

ran Chancellor angela Merkel in Betin.
* Obama bupped hie of staf of UN High Commissioner for Refuges (UNHCR) for long term interception arti his Sls. Ahenss
* Obama singled out the Director ofthe Rules Division of the World Trade Organisation (WTO), Johann Human, nd

* Obama stole sensitive italian diplomatic cables detaling how Israel's Prime Miniter Benjamin Netanyahu implored Italy Prime Minister

Slivio Berlusconi to help patch up his relationship with US President Barack Obama, who was refusing to talk to Netanyahu.

  
 
  

* Sbamaintrceted top cUandJapanes rade minisersdoussng ther sere strategy and rdlines to top the US “extortfing! them at
WTO Doha arounds (the talks subsequently collapsed).

+ Obama explicitly targeted five other top EU economic officials for long term interception, including their French, Austrian and Belgium
phone numbers,

+ Obama explicitly targetted the phones of Italy’s ambassador to NATO and other top Italian officials for long term interception.

+ Obama intercepted details of a critical private meeting between then French president Nicolas Sarkozy, Merkel and Berluscon, where the
latter was told the Italian banking system was ready to “pop like a cork".

in 2013, a reporter, Fox News’ James Rosen and his family, were part of an investigation into government officials anonymously leaking
information to journalists. Rosen was not charged but his movements and actions were tracked.

‘Also in 2013, members of the Associated Press were a target of the surveillance. The ultra liberal New Yorker even noted that “In
moderate and liberal circles, at least, the phone-records scandal, partly because it involves the dear old AP. and partly because itraises
new the specter of Big Brother, may well present the most serious threat to Obama’s reputation.”

reporter Shar Attkisson sald in 2014 tat her personal computer and CBS laptop were hacked after she began fling stories about
tee unflattering to the Obama administration. A source who checked her laptop said the hacker used spyware “proprietary

Benghazi that w
“is according to an article in the New York Post.

toa government agency”
spam desewesto ot nfo wrt he ld Uita th powers on he FB Cand NSA 0 Pon your patil pene sas

gets. President Trump is NOT going Jet him get away with this!

PAYBACK ISA B*TCH! LOOK WHAT TRUMP. JUST DID TO BEAT OBAMA AT HIS OWN

 
