Congress of the United States
‘Washington, BE 20515
Decenber 6,2016

President Barack Osama
‘The White House

1600 Pennsylvania Avenue NW
Washington, DC 20500

eat Mr. President:
‘We are deeply concerned by Russian efforts to undermine, interfere with, and even influence the outcome of

‘our recent election. This Russian malfeasance is not confined tous, but extends to our alles, our alliances and
to democratic institutions around the world,

 

‘The integrity of democracy must never be in question, and we are gravely concerned that Russia may have
sueceeded in weakening Americans’ trast in our electoral institutions through their eyber activity, which may
also include sponsoring disclosures through WikiLeaks and other venues, and the production and distribution of
fake news stoves.

 

 

Foreign interference presents @ win-win for Russia-—which we must counter. By eroding Americans’ and
foreigners’ trust in U'S. insitutions, Russia both weakens our country and sows global instability and
‘uncertain. Both presenta boon for Russia and a los for those working to maintain peace end prosperity
around the world through the leadership ofthe United States and its allies.

 

 

‘To evaluate Congress's response appropriately, we would like all Members to have a comprehensive
understanding of what the U.S. Intelligence Community knows regarding Russia's involvement in these actions
and attempts to interfere in our election. Specifically, we are requesting a classified briefing that will provide
details regarding Russian entities’ hacking of American politcal organizations; hacking and strategic release of
emails from campaign official; the Wikil-eaks disclosures; fake news stories produced and distributed with the
intent to mislead! American voters; and any other Russian or Russian-related interference or involvement in our
recent election

   

‘We thank you for your attention to this matter.

Sincerely,

    

   

STENY H. HOV!
Democratic Whip

‘CONYERS
Ranking Member
Committee on Judiciary

 

Ede L. Emp

ELIOT ENGEL.
Ranking Member
(Committee on Foreign Affairs

ELUAH CUMMINGS.
Ranking Member
‘Committee on Oversight and Government Reform

h2. ib

ADAM SCHIFF
Ranking Member
Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

Br Lam

BENNIE G, THOMPSON

Ranking Member
Committee on GY
ADAM SMITH
Ranking Member

‘Committee on Armed Services
